Straight up the cash
So much more
Baby so much more
You be my African baby
African beautiful lady
Through the rain and through the sunshine
You be the one I'm loving
You got it
Say baby now you got it
Speechless is how I feel when I'm with you princess
The truth is one day you never cease to impress
Me with the way you carry yourself
Loving it air now no doubt
So I'm thinking of you my darling
In this movie you my starring
Wali Kusama be the onsen
Send all love we and the onsen
You the one I be waiting for
All my life you the one I be waiting for
All the girls that were there before
They think we kill the shoe and the waterfall
Cause I found the one
She's second and not hot
She's as warm as the sun
So much more
Baby so much more
You be my African baby
African beautiful lady
Through the rain and through the sunshine
You be the one I'm loving
You got it
Say baby now you got it
She's all mine, my sunshine
She couldn't have come at a better time
Oh you don't wanna call sign
Leave us alone if you don't mind
Here we go again
Chipalile kwata me love again
I'll never be the same
Wanahiwe I am going insane
You know baby when we are together
The world is just so much better
With or without all the cheddar
You got me regardless the weather
Remember and never forget
The things that we said
The promises made
And you know you can trust me
The things that you see that's nothing
There's so much more
Baby so much more
You be my African baby
African beautiful lady
Through the rain and through the sunshine
You be the one I'm loving
You got it
Say baby now you got it
I lost my voice I think I need a search party to find it
I have no choice I'm thinking it's cause of your love and your trauma I'm blinded
But together we face our fears
Together we dry our tears
Together we stand strong and I want you to know
Say baby now you got it